Replace long comments with check boxes in the Bug Report template (#4378)
TeamNewPipe/NewPipe: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---

<!--
Oh no, a bug! It happens. Thanks for reporting an issue with NewPipe. To make it easier for us to help you please enter detailed information in the template we have provided below. If a section isn't relevant, just delete it, though it would be helpful to still provide as much detail as possible.
-->

<!-- The comments between these brackets won't show up in the submitted issue (as you can see in the preview). -->

### Checklist

- [ ] I am using the latest version. <!-- compare Releases page and your version given in About in the app drawer -->
- [ ] I checked, but didn't find any duplicates of this issue in the repo. <!-- Seriously, check. O_O -->
- [ ] I have read the contribution guidelines given at https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/blob/HEAD/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md.

> - [ ] This issue contains only one bug. I will open one issue per bug report I want to file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] This issue contains only one bug. I will open one issue for every bug report I want to file.
```
